rETL - Add FAQ for Syntax errors (#6141)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/reverse-etl/index.md

3. Enable the toggle for **Reverse ETL Sync Failed**.

In case of consecutive failures, Segment sends notifications for every sync failure. Segment doesn't send notifications for partial failures.

#### Can I have multiple queries in the Query Builder?

> No. In Reverse ETL, we execute queries in a [common table expression](https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/docs/reference/standard-sql/query-syntax#with_clause), which can only bind the results from **one single** subquery. If there are multiple semicolons `;` in the query, they'll be treated as several subqueries (even if the second part is only an inline comment), and cause syntax errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No. In Reverse ETL, Segment executes queries in a [common table expression](https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/docs/reference/standard-sql/query-syntax#with_clause){:target="_blank”}, which can only bind the results from **one single** subquery. If there are multiple semicolons `;` in the query, they'll be treated as several subqueries (even if the second part is only an inline comment) and cause syntax errors.
```
